——————X: ARS Object detection
——X.1 subsection:Aspect Ratio Sensitive Network

——X.2 subsection: anchors?

——X.3 subsection: sharing features

——X.4 subsection: implementation details




——————X: Experiment(各种 performance)
— Experiments on PASCAL VOC
we evaluate our method mostly on VOC07 dataset. VOC07 contains XXXX images, XXXX class and evaluation is perforated on XXXX images in test/val. (How about recall)

We applied our method to Faster R-CNN with VGG16. Table 1 shows the results on VGG-16 backbone.  Using ARS Net, the result is 73.2% for shared features between proposal and detection, compared to 71.8% that evaluated on single RPN. As shown above, our method has dramatically improved AP in some categories such as XX and XXX. This is because we specify each RPN processing selected ground truth during training, which leads to the aspect ratio sensitivity. Thus the proposals generated by ARS Net for those categories are more accurate.  There’s a slight decrease in several classes, which is a side effect. One possible reason is that the distribution of the test set is not consistent with the training set.

— number of proposals（some analysis）
We further tested ARS Net with diverse number of proposals, which is as shown in Table 2. When the number of proposals drops from 900( Top 300 proposals are selected from each scale) to 300, mAP reduce by X%. And a further decrease on proposals leads to dropping on mAP. (What’s the reason).
In fact, when number of proposals is 400 each, mAP reaches the highest. However, this will lead to a decrease in fps.


— sharing features between single RPN(or Among RPNs?)
In Table 3, we investigate the significance of  sharing features between RPNs.
(Jinlei)



{ 如果还做voc12的测试的话，以下内容可以参考
We further train the RPN and detection network on the union set of PASCAL VOC 2007 trainval and 2012 trainval. The mAP is 73.2% . Figure 5 shows some results on the PASCAL VOC 2007 test set. On the PASCAL VOC 2012 test set
(Table 4), our method has an mAP of 70.4%  trained on the union set of VOC 2007 trainval+test and VOC 2012 trainval. Table 6 and Table 7 show the detailed numbers.
}
